oh look at this guy is glitched look at
that it's like a giant dinosaur or
something look at that look at that man
look at that like a jazz man oh man is
pretty stinky on penis Thank You Larry
say sorry good book star he's like a
bounce on oh man get intact getting
attacked there look at that spiky man
man it's like a glitch never sued Oh
gotta dodging bro plasma
Fred I dama nope Linda I need not
country look at a tail man he's got a
giant tail the skies here gonna Tardos
the dino dragon man so yeah he's walking
around well there is look at that he's
like all split apart hair don't know was
going on there but I don't know why I'm
is glitched so I'm going to options find
out how to do the photo mode because I'm
gonna take a screenshot of this um p is
screenshot so i'll take a screenshot of
this may take screenshot good job good
job thing is really fiddly it's like lu
lu lu zoom into this man there's no
bones nobody yes sideways whoa it's
crazy whoo whoop what whoa whoa this is
all over the place man like well where
do I ever figure this out so right there
and rotate rotate rotate rotate whoa
whoa
what did I did I did I don't man died no
man trying to take a screenshot the Dino
man right there at their come on show
him Shawn go over to die no man okay
yeah um go to the diner in a Man Man Man
Man Man its distinct spit length like
come on show the diner man right there
zoom in and there he is he's got all
these spikes it's like I was I don't
know I know what it is it's like all the
vertices are all right whoo they're all
worked out he's got everything else
though like a sword and everything you
know yeah but rest of it's all messed up
as if he's some dinosaur that can
control the world it's a powerful
dinosaur zoom in get a nice screenshot a
little bit closer come on Simon
rid of intensity to 743 but I do believe
you and increase the intensity
so here's the screenshot the screenshot
time there we go okay so I'm gonna
follow this guy wait up Dino man he's a
little bit too fast a possible saga that
whatever return darkness discourtesy is
anywhere man like whoo Susan addy
impossible motor signals powerful we
realized we couldn't fight the orcs we
started dressing up like slaves sneaking
into their camps to free the others a
bold strategy not really mostly we can
hang yourselves least we came to arise
it on the part see that whoa his body
goes out of the sky rescued by the
others they told me you led the search
party for my head I doubt they will
drink from it
the rooks are stationed by the front
gates for the sake of my men keep to the
shadows well gather my men and wait well
stand ready to seize the blasting powder
once the camp is clear